hello my name is Nicholas Stodden and I
work from Monrovia today we're going to
talk about summer color and we're gonna
talk about a bug envelope called purple
queen she is the rolls-royce of color
there is nothing more purple than purple
queen
she's a wonderful low growing variety
ideally suited for a container now
history shows that this plant bug and
Villas have been used in the warmer
climates as a year-round plant but the
trend is moving them into the Midwest
and the East Coast and these plants are
used as annuals what's really good about
purple queen is that she's a very very
profuse bloomer so for those of you in
the Upper Midwest which are in those hot
humid areas this is the plant to have on
the patio with you now you're probably
wondering why I've got this beautiful
variegated plant beside me also another
bug in Villa and her name is golden
jackpot one of our craftsmen was walking
through the fields one day of hundreds
of these plants and noticed on one plant
there was a variegated branch we
harvested that branch and from that one
branch created a new cultivar now
important to note golden jackpot prefers
a dappled shade position if she's in
full Sun she'll burn but she's so so
beautiful now then when you're planting
Bougainville oz it's a good idea to be a
little bit careful on many plants when
you remove them from the container the
roots can be really quite fibrous in
some cases you'll want to open these
roots up not so with bog and Villas the
root system is very sensitive so never
disturb the roots just plant them
carefully into the container or the
ground you'll notice at Monrovia we use
bamboo Stakes
you know bamboo as a group of plants put
ten percent more oxygen back into the
air and they are a sustainable resource
that's one of the reasons we use them to
fabulous plants that you have just got
to have in your garden this year
this has been another plant savvy tip
from Nicholas startin up Monrovia